PERFORMING "BACK TO
THE END OF THE WORLD"
FROM THERE NEW ALBUM
"THE ORDER OF NATURE"
PLEASE WELCOME JIM JAMES,
TEDDY ABRAMS AND MEMBERS OF
THE LOUISVILLE ORCHESTRA
♪♪♪
♪ LET'S GO - ♪
♪ BACK TO THE
END OF THE WORLD ♪
MOMENT THE AX FELL ♪
♪ AND WE WERE BORN AGAIN ♪
♪ LET'S GO - ♪
♪ BACK TO THE CLOSE OF THE DAY ♪
♪ BACK TO OUR HOME AND ♪
♪ THE WAY WE WERE ♪
♪ WHEN LOVE WAS ALL AROUND ♪
♪ WE KNOW. THEY KNOW. ♪
♪ ONE CAN NEVER GO BACK. ♪
♪ I KNOW - THAT
YOU KNOW IT'S SO... ♪
♪ BUT DO YOU
DWELL ON THE PAST. ♪
♪ LET'S GO - ♪
BACK TO THE END OF THE WORLD ♪
BACK TO THE END OF AN ERA... ♪
♪ THE DAWN OF A
NEW GOLDEN AGE. ♪
♪ LET'S GO - ♪
♪ BACK TO THE
MORNING WE WOKE UP ♪
♪ THE MOMENT WE
SHOOK OFF OUR SLUMBER... ♪
♪ RESTED AND WIDE AWAKE. ♪
♪ WE KNOW. THEY KNOW. ♪
♪ ONE CAN NEVER GO BACK. ♪
♪ I KNOW THAT YOU
KNOW IT'S SO... ♪
♪ WHY DO YOU LIVE IN THE PAST? ♪
♪ A NEW DAY HAS
COME... AT LAST... ♪
♪ A NEW DAY HAS COME...
AT LAST... ♪
♪ A NEW DAY HAS COME...♪
♪ AT LAST... ♪
UH, UH FANTASTIC
FANTASTIC AS ALWAYS BUDDY
OH MY GOD, IT'S AMAZING
JIM JAMES
TEDDY ABRAMS
THE LOUISVILLE ORCHESTRA
"THE ORDER OF
NATURE" IS OUT NOW